PIKACHU: [AMAZED]
SERENA: It's beautiful!
BONNIE: Sure is!
DEDENNE: [AMAZED]
SQUISHY: [EXCITED]
ASH: Okay!
Let's take a break here!
CLEMONT: Good idea
PIKACHU: [AGREEING]
SERENA, BONNIE: All right!
ASH: Come on out!
HAWLUCHA: [APPEARING]
PIKACHU: [EXCITED]
GRENINJA: [APPEARING]
TALONFLAME: [APPEARING]
NOIBAT: [APPEARING]
SERENA: You too!
BRAIXEN: [APPEARING]
PANCHAM: [APPEARING]
EEVEE: [APPEARING]
CLEMONT: Everybody, let's go!
CHESPIN: [APPEARING]
BUNNELBY: [APPEARING]
LUXRAY: [APPEARING]
BONNIE: Have fun, guys!
DEDENNE: [EXCITED]
SQUISHY: [EXCITED]
PIKACHU, PANCHAM, EEVEE,
CHESPIN, BUNNELBY: [PLAYING]
GRENINJA, HAWLUCHA: [FLEXING]
NOIBAT: [HAPPY]
TALONFLAME: [HAPPY]
ASH: Wow looks
like they're having a ball.
Now don't go too far, Noibat!
[CURIOUS]/[AFFIRMATIVE]
/[PLAYING]
PIKACHU, CHESPIN, CLEMONT:
[PLAYING]
CLEMONT: I'll make tea!
SERENA: I'll help you!
BRELOOM: [EXPLAINING]
BEEDRILL : [ENCOURAGING]
BRELOOM: [SINGING]
BEEDRILL X3: [HAPPY]
[PLAYING]/[PANIC]
BRELOOM: [STARTLED]
I stand tall
'Cause I know I'm a winner
Knock me down
I'll just get up again
You've met your match
Yeah, I'm no beginner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
(I stand tall 'cause
I know I'm a winner)
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
NARRATOR: As our heroes continue
their journey to
Snowbelle City, where Ash will
try for his eighth Kalos Gym
badge, they've found a
beautiful field of flowers!
[PLAYING]
SQUISHY: [CAUTIOUS]/[HAPPY]
BONNIE: Got you! Know what?
I'm gonna give you a squish!
SQUISHY: [SURPRISED]
SQUISHY: [GIGGLE]
BRELOOM: [PAINED GRUNT]
NOIBAT: [PAINED GRUNT]
BRELOOM: [STARTLED
SEARCHING]/[PANICKED YELL]
NOIBAT: [CONFUSED]
NOIBAT: [REALIZING]
NOIBAT: [WORRIED]
BRELOOM: [HEARTBROKEN]
NOIBAT: [APOLOGETIC]
BEEDRILL X3: [THREATENING]
BRELOOM: [FURIOUS]
NOIBAT: [SCARED]/[APOLOGETIC]
BRELOOM: [ATTACK]
NOIBAT: [SCREAM]
CLEMONT: Did you hear that?
ASH: That was Noibat!
HAWLUCHA: [WORRIED]
ASH: Hawlucha!
ASH: Return, quick!
CLEMONT: All of you, okay!
SERENA: You, too!
PIKACHU: [CONCERNED]
DEDENNE: [CONCERNED]
BONNIE: Dedenne! Squishy!
NOIBAT: [POISONED]
BRELOOM: [FURIOUS]
NOIBAT: [SCARED]
NOIBAT: [PAINED GRUNT]
HAWLUCHA: [CALLING]
ASH: Noibat!
BRELOOM: [CONFUSED]
BEEDRILL X3: [CONFUSED]
PIKACHU: [CONCERNED]
BRELOOM: [ANGRY]/[DISMISSIVE]
BEEDRILL X3: [AFFIRMATIVE]
NOIBAT: [PAINED MOAN]
HAWLUCHA: [WORRIED]
PIKACHU: [WORRIED]
ASH: Noibat, you okay?
NOIBAT: [POISONED]
CLEMONT: It's been poisoned!
I wonder if that Breloom
could've done this
SERENA: Something
must've happened
ASH: Clemont, can you
do anything for Noibat?
CLEMONT: I'm afraid I
don't have any Antidote left.
No Pecha Berries, either.
I'm not sure what to do
BONNIE: We've
gotta do something!
FLOETTE: [CURIOUS]
ASH: It's a Floette
FLOETTE: [CONCERNED]
NOIBAT: [PAINED]
FLOETTE: [AROMATHERAPY MOVE]
NOIBAT: [RELIEVED]
SERENA: Noibat looks better
POKEDEX: Floette. The Single
Bloom Pokémon. Floette
takes care of wilting flowers as
it flutters through the fields.
It uses the energy of
flowers during battle.
CLEMONT:
It's using Aromatherapy.
That will heal a Pokémon's
status conditions.
NOIBAT: [HAPPY]
ASH: You're better, Noibat!
PIKACHU: [RELIEVED]
ASH: Thanks, Floette! You
healed Noibat!
FLOETTE: [HAPPY]
NOIBAT: [GRATEFUL]
FLOETTE: [PLEASED]
JESSIE: A Floette, huh...
JESSIE: The perfect
sidekick for Gourgeist
during a Pokémon Showcase.
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
MEOWTH: Or flip the
script and make Gourgeist
Floette's sidekick!
JAMES: After all, Floette's much
more of a cutie pie!
JESSIE: Aren't you the comedian!
My Gourgeist takes
the cutie pie cake! Understand?!
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
SERENA: It says that around this
time each and every year, a big
group of Floette gather together
right here in this field!
ASH: Wow
BONNIE: But I only see this one.
FLOETTE: [STARTLED]/[PANICKED]
NOIBAT: [CONFUSED]/[CONCERNED]
FLOETTE: [SCREAM]
ASH: Hey, Noibat!
FLOETTE: [SCARED]
NOIBAT: [EXERTION]/[PLAYFUL]
FLOETTE: [AFFIRMATIVE]
NOIBAT: [PLAYING]
BRELOOM: [CRYING]/[FURIOUS]
BEEDRILL X3: [SOOTHING]
BRELOOM: [DETERMINED]
ASH: Noibat looks
like it's having lots of fun!
PIKACHU: [AGREEMENT]
SERENA: They're
a really good match.
CLEMONT: Well, that's quite
surprising. A Dragon‐type
Pokémon like Noibat shouldn't
get along so well with a
Fairy type like Floette.
BONNIE: Lighten up, big brother.
DEDENNE: [AGREEMENT]
SQUISHY: [AGREEMENT]
HAWLUCHA: [PLEASED]
BRELOOM: [ANGRY]
BRELOOM: [ADAMANT]
PIKACHU: [CONFUSED]
CLEMONT: We saw them before
POKEDEX: Breloom. The
Mushroom Pokémon. Breloom
releases poisonous spores
to weaken its opponent,
then attacks with
powerful punches.
BRELOOM: [COMMANDING]
BEEDRILL X3: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: What are you up to?!
HAWLUCHA: [CONFUSED]
BEEDRILL X3: [THREATENING]
NOIBAT: [SCARED]
ASH: Hey, stop it!
PIKACHU: [ANGRY]
BEEDRILL: [THREATENING]
NOIBAT: [SCARED]
FLOETTE: [SCREAM]
NOIBAT: [WORRIED]
FLOETTE: [RELIEVED]
BRELOOM: [GREETING]
FLOETTE: [CONFUSED]
BRELOOM: [BASHFUL]
FLOETTE: [CURIOUS]
SERENA: What do
you think's going on?
BONNIE: I get the
feeling Breloom's got a
crush on Floette.
BRELOOM: [NERVOUS]/[LOVESICK]
FLOETTE: [CONFUSED]
SERENA: I'll bet Breloom didn't
like seeing Noibat
and Floette
acting so friendly...
FLOETTE: [POLITE REJECTION]
BRELOOM: [UPSET]
FLOETTE: [SCARED]
BEEDRILL X3: [THREATENING]
BONNIE: It looks like Floette
doesn't like it one bit.
BRELOOM: [HAPPY]
FLOETTE: [STRUGGLING]
HAWLUCHA: [ANGRY]
NOIBAT: [ANGRY]
ASH: What, Noibat?
NOIBAT: [PROTECTIVE]
ASH: Noibat wants
to save Floette. Wow!
PIKACHU: [IMPRESSED]
NOIBAT: [DETERMINED]
ASH: 'Kay. d do it, Noibat!
NOIBAT: [CALLING]
BRELOOM: [FURIOUS]
NOIBAT: [NERVOUS]
ASH: You don't
have to be scared!
PIKACHU: [ENCOURAGING]
HAWLUCHA: [ENCOURAGING]
BRELOOM: [CHALLENGING]
NOIBAT: [NERVOUS]/[DETERMINED]
/[PAINED GRUNT]
ASH: Oh no! You okay, Noibat?
NOIBAT: [DAZED]
BEEDRILL X3: [LAUGH]
PIKACHU: [CONCERNED]
HAWLUCHA: [ENCOURAGING]
FLOETTE: [WORRIED]
NOIBAT: [DETERMINED]
BEEDRILL X3: [CHALLENGING]
BRELOOM: [COMMANDING]
BEEDRILL X3: [CONFUSED]
BRELOOM: [INSISTENT]
BEEDRILL: [AFFIRMATIVE]
BRELOOM: [LOVESICK]
BRELOOM: [FURIOUS]
NOIBAT: [DETERMINED]
CLEMONT: It looks like it's
going to be a one‐on‐one battle.
SERENA: Do something,
Ash. Stop them. You must!
ASH: I can't.
ASH: Noibat
wants to battle.
BRELOOM: [SEED BOMB MOVE]
NOIBAT: [SUPERSONIC MOVE]
BRELOOM: [HEADBUTT MOVE]
NOIBAT: STARTLED]/
[PAINED GRUNT]
ASH: Noibat, NO!
PIKACHU: [ENCOURAGING]
NOIBAT: [DETERMINED]
BRELOOM: [SKY UPPERCUT MOVE]
NOIBAT: [PAINED GRUNT]
FLOETTE: [DISTRESSED]/[WORRIED]
ASH: Are you all right, Noibat!?
PIKACHU: [CONCERNED]
HAWLUCHA: [ADAMANT]
PIKACHU: [CONFUSED]
ASH: Hawlucha's right.
I think this is
something Noibat
needs to do all by itself.
PIKACHU: [WORRIED]
HAWLUCHA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: And that's what Noibat's
gonna do.
PIKACHU: [WORRIED]
DEDENNE: [CONCERNED]
ASH: Am I right?
Show them who you are!
NOIBAT: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: Now that's
what I like to see!
PIKACHU: [ENCOURAGING]
HAWLUCHA: [ENCOURAGING]
DEDENNE: [ENCOURAGING]
JESSIE: Why's the
Twerp all riled up?
MEOWTH: He's into
the battle that's going down.
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
JESSIE: Battle or not, we've got
a plan to execute!
JAMES: Right
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
NOIBAT: [ATTACK]
BRELOOM: [CONFIDENT]
NOIBAT: [DAZED]/[SURPRISED]
ASH: Yeah! Way to go!
BRELOOM: [SKY UPPERCUT MOVE]
NOIBAT: [TACKLE MOVE]
ASH: That's it!
PIKACHU: [CHEERING]
HAWLUCHA: [ENCOURAGING]
BRELOOM: [ANGRY]
NOIBAT: [STARTLED]
BRELOOM: [HEADBUTT MOVE]
NOIBAT: [SCARED]
PIKACHU: [WORRIED]
ASH: No, Noibat!
‐SERENA: It's in trouble!
‐BONNIE: I don't wanna see
Noibat hurt
DEDENNE: [WORRIED]
FLOETTE: [WORRIED]
NOIBAT: [PAINED GRUNT]
BRELOOM: [THREATENING]
FLOETTE: [PLEADING]
BRELOOM: [CONFUSED]
NOIBAT: [CONFUSED]/[CONCERNED]
BRELOOM: [CONFUSED]/[ANGRY]
BRELOOM: [SHOCKED]
SERENA: What's that?
Prepare for that
which baggles the mind.
JAMES: A slicker trick
you'll never EVER find!
JESSIE: To protect the
world from devastation!
JAMES: To unite all
people within our nation!
JESSIE: To go for the Pokémon
we haven't yet caught!
JAMES: To support us in
battles we haven't yet fought!
JESSIE: Jessie!
JAMES: And James.
JESSIE: Team Rocket blasts off
at the speed of light!
JAMES:
Surrender now or prepare for a
spore‐ridden fight!
MEOWTH: Meowth, that's right!
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: Team Rocket!
JAMES: It's two‐for‐one day!
JESSIE: As long as we have
Floette, we're okay!
BRELOOM, FLOETTE: [STRUGGLING]
MEOWTH: Double prizes, baybay!
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
MEOWTH: Up, up, and away!
NOIBAT: [WORRIED]
ASH: They're gone!
NOIBAT: [AFRAID]
ASH, SERENA, CLEMONT, BONNIE:
"Who's that Pokémon?"
"It's Floette!"
BEEDRILL X3: [WORRIED]
NOIBAT: [WORRIED]
ASH: Don't worry. We'll get them
both back!
NOIBAT: [CURIOUS]
BONNIE: I think we need
one of your machines!
CLEMONT: The future is now,
thanks to science!
CLEMONT: Clemontic Gear, on!
CLEMONT: I thought we'd
encounter a situation precisely
like this one! I call
it my "Aroma Detector"!
CLEMONT: It can
detect the aroma of all
kinds of Pokémon flowers!
BONNIE: Just as long as
it doesn't blow up
CLEMONT: I'm certain of this
one. No explosions. Just watch!
AROMA DETECTOR: [SNIFFING]
CLEMONT: There it is!
ASH: All right!
Science is so amazing!
PIKACHU: [EXCITED]
CLEMONT: This way, guys!
SERENA: Way to go, Clemont!
ASH: Come on, Beedrill!
HAWLUCHA: [DETERMINED]
BEEDRILL X3: [AFFIRMATIVE]
BRELOOM, FLOETTE:
JESSIE, JAMES, MEOWTH,
WOBBUFFET: Cheers!
JESSIE: A job well done!
JAMES: Not to
mention a lot of fun.
MEOWTH: Not to be a
gloomy gus, but now is about
the time we get too cocky
and mess everything up.
JAMES: You're not the gloomy
gus. You're Meowth! Failure will
just have to wait!
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
JESSIE: Life's more
fun with a win!
MEOWTH: You're right about that!
FLOETTE: [SAD]
BRELOOM: [REASSURING]
BRELOOM: [APOLOGETIC]
BONNIE: Anything yet, Clemont?
CLEMONT: We should
be getting close...
AROMA DETECTOR : [SNIFFING]
CLEMONT: Oh no!
What's going on?!
BONNIE: You
said no explosions
BONNIE: How did I
know that would happen?
CLEMONT: Lucky guess?
ASH: If we can get closeNoibat?
NOIBAT: [AFFIRMATIVE]
NOIBAT: [SUPERSONIC MOVE]
CLEMONT: Now I get it!
Noibat's using Supersonic
to search for them! Great!
PIKACHU: [EXCITED]
HAWLUCHA: [ENCOURAGING]
BONNIE: Go for it!
NOIBAT: [REALIZING]
ASH: Did you find something?
NOIBAT: [DETERMINED]
ASH: Let's go!
SERENA: Yeah!
JESSIE: Gourgeist and Meowth are
part of my team! Floette and
Wobbuffet will make it a dream!
JESSIE: The Pokémon
Showcase will be my scene!
When I become Kalos Queen!
MEOWTH: And as the main
Pokémon mascot, I get
twenty‐five percent!
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
JAMES: Of course, think of what
we'll get giving one hundred
percent to the Boss
JESSIE, JAMES, MEOWTH,
WOBBUFFET: A big promotion,
of course!
NOIBAT: [TRIUMPHANT]
JAMES: Will you quit
crashing our party?!
ASH: There's no way you're
getting away with this!
SERENA: Let Breloom
and Floette GO!
BRELOOM, FLOETTE: [HAPPY]
JESSIE: Our fun won't be foiled
by sticks in the mud like YOU!
BEEDRILL X3: [THREATENING]
JAMES: Okay, Inkay!
INKAY: [APPEARING]
JAMES: Psybeam, full thrust!
INKAY: [PSYBEAM MOVE]
BEEDRILL X3: [SCREAM]
BRELOOM: [CONCERNED]
BEEDRILL X3: [PAINED GRUNT]
ASH: You just leave
Team Rocket to us!
SERENA: Noibat,
take care of Floette!
HAWLUCHA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
NOIBAT: [AFFIRMATIVE]
BONNIE: I'll go, too!
JESSIE: You brats just never
learned your manners.
All right, GourgeistTeach
them to be polite!
GOURGEIST: [SEED BOMB MOVE]
ASH: Pikachu, Electro Ball! Now!
PIKACHU: [ELECTRO BALL MOVE]
ASH: Now, Hawlucha, X‐Scissor!
HAWLUCHA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
HAWLUCHA: [X‐SCISSOR MOVE]
GOURGEIST: [SCREAM]
JAMES: Inkay, Psybeam, stat!
INKAY: [PSYBEAM MOVE]
CLEMONT: Luxray, help us out!
LUXRAY: [APPEARING]
INKAY: [PSYBEAM MOVE]
CLEMONT: Swift, let's go!
LUXRAY: [SWIFT MOVE]
NOIBAT: [DETERMINED]
FLOETTE: [GRATEFUL]
BRELOOM: [DISMAYED]
NOIBAT: [INSISTENT]
BRELOOM: [ACQUIESCING]
NOIBAT: [TACKLE MOVE]
/[PAINED GRUNT]
BONNIE: Noibat!
BONNIE: We can't
break through the bars!
DEDENNE: [WORRIED]
SQUISHY: FRUSTRATED]
NOIBAT: [DETERMINED]
NOIBAT: [TACKLE MOVE]
NOIBAT: [PAINED GRUNT]
ASH: Hang in there, Noibat!
Floette needs you!
If you wanna
help, then you can't give up!
NOIBAT: [DETERMINED]
NOIBAT: [TACKLE MOVE]
NOIBAT: [PAINED
GRUNT]/[DETERMINED]
BONNIE: Noibat, no! If you keep
banging on the cage like that,
you're gonna break
before the cage does!
DEDENNE: [WORRIED]
SQUISHY: [CONCERNED]
ASH: Oh, Noibat...
NOIBAT: [DETERMINED]/[ACROBATICS
MOVE]
ASH: Whoa, check it out!
What is that!?
CLEMONT: Acrobatics!
ASH: A new move!
BONNIE: Yay! It worked!
SQUISHY: [IMPRESSED]
NOIBAT: [EXCITED]
FLOETTE: [GRATEFUL]
BRELOOM: [HAPPY]
NOIBAT: [PLEASED]
JESSIE:Gourgeist and Inkay,
double attack, now!
JAMES: Full blast!
GOURGEIST: [CHARGING]
INKAY: [CHARGING]
BRELOOM: [TAUNTING]
NOIBAT: [DETERMINED]
ASH: Once more! Use Acrobatics!
NOIBAT: [ACROBATICS MOVE]
BRELOOM: [ATTACKING]
INKAY: [SCARED]/[SCREAM]
GOURGEIST: SCARED]/[SCREAM]
INKAY: [SCREAM]
JESSIE, JAMES, MEOWTH:
We're blasting off again!
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
INKAY: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: You were great, Noibat!
PIKACHU: [HAPPY]
ASH: You got them out!
PIKACHU: [EXCITED]
NOIBAT: [HAPPY]
HAWLUCHA: [PROUD]
BEEDRILL X3: [RELIEVED]
BRELOOM: [REASSURING]
NOIBAT: [HAPPY]/[LAUGH]
BRELOOM: [HAPPY]/[LAUGH]
NOIBAT, FLOETTE, BEEDRILL X3:
[HAPPY]/[LAUGH]
SQUISHY: [PLEASED]
BRELOOM: [FLIRTING]
FLOETTE: [POLITE REJECTION]
BRELOOM: [UPSET]
FLOETTE: [STARTLED]
NOIBAT: [PROTECTIVE]/[ARGUING]
BRELOOM: [ARGUING]
SERENA:
They're at it a‐ gain...
ASH: Breloom just
can't take a hint...
PIKACHU: [SIGH]
SQUISHY: [AGREEMENT]
FLOETTE: [STARTLED]
FLOETTE: [FAREWELL]
NOIBAT, BRELOOM: [UPSET]
BONNIE: Hey! Look at that!
FLOETTE CROWD:
[HAPPY CHATTERING]
FLOETTE BLUE FLOWER: [GREETING]
FLOETTE: [GREETING]
CLEMONT: So that's what
you were talking about!
SERENA: Those are the
Floette that come and
visit here every year!
ASH: Have a good
journey, gang! Be safe!
PIKACHU: [FAREWELL]
CLEMONT: Be well!
BONNIE, SERENA: See you!
NOIBAT: [FAREWELL]
BRELOOM: [HEARTBROKEN]
BEEDRILL X3: [REASSURING]
HAWLUCHA: [COMFORTING]
BRELOOM: [HEARTBROKEN]
ASH: Wonder where all
those Floette are going
SERENA: Somewhere
beautiful, I'm sure.
PIKACHU: [AGREEMENT]
ASH: Okay! What do you
say we hit the road?
SERENA, CLEMONT, BONNIE: Yeah!
DEDENNE: [EXCITED]
SQUISHY: [AFFIRMATIVE]
NARRATOR: After saying goodbye
to the Floette as they
continue to ride the wind, it's
time for our heroes to get back
on the road to Snowbelle City,
as the journey continues!